PRP Number: %index%
PRP Name: %name%
Usage Guide:
	- This is a Project Requirement Prompt (PRP). This file contains AI prompts that are intended to define certain requirement(s) for this project.
	- Claude Code (or any other coding AI agents) will be working on implementing this requirement in this project when told by the user. For AI coding agents this file is READ-ONLY and MUST NOT be modified by AI coding agents.
	- Once this PRP is completed (or temporarily stalled), it is renamed to `%index%-prp-%name%.closed.md`.
	- The file `%index%-prp.status.md` carries the status update for this prp, which is to be written/updated by the AI coding agents working on this prp.
	- The status file should be written rarely and whenever written it should be terse (NOT VERBOSE). Neither compilation, run or any success is a metric for success, only user can give that feedback, status file is only intended to mark the status: what is done, tested, confirmed by user as working etc.
	- While working on this prp, the user might provide a lot of clarification, sometimes change or expand the scope, all this should be mentioned in the status file at the time of closing this prp.
	- You must avoid making rough files in the project root, but only next to (sibling file to) this PRP which is associated with the task. So if you make any reports/files/notes while working on this prp or a non-code file associated to this prp, please save it with proper prp-suffix and index number for easy tracking, examples: `%index%-prp.01.md` , `%index%-prp.02.md` , `%index%-prp.03.md` .. or even `%index%-prp.01.notes.md` , `%index%-prp.02.summary.md` , `%index%-prp.03.report.md` .. etc. This file should be saved in the same folder as this prp.
	- When the work is finished, or when a cycle of claude-code is done (we exhausted context-window and we need to either clear or compact), we write a log of the claude-code conversations. For this PRP it will be files such as `%index%-prp.99.01.logs.txt`, `%index%-prp.99.02.logs.txt`, `%index%-prp.99.03.logs.txt` etc. And these are created by claude slash command such as `/export prp/%index%-prp.99.01.logs.txt` etc. Here the serial numbers 01,02,03 ... denotes the claude-code-session number, and it shows how many times we cycles (and hit the context limit and then chose to either compact, clear or custom make the context and continue etc.). At the time of closing a PRP, or when we hit the context limit, ask user and execute these export commands (with the correct serial numbers).
	- In the PRP folder there should exist a PRP index file named `00-prp.index.md` in this file, u can make an entry of this PRP as a single terse line mentioning the PRP filename, and what it is about. At the time of working, on big projects with inter-connected PRPs you can refer to the index file to understand what is happening. But please be clear, the file might be outdated, and it is just a good reference (without having to read all PRPs individually which may waste quiet a bit of tokens) and a central co-ordination point. However it is a good practise that atleast when you close a prp update this PRPs index file.
	- In both PRP files themselves and PRP status files, it is advisable NOT to store confidential/private/user-internal data, as this prevents us from being able to include PRP folder in a public git repository. If the user includes such information in the PRP file that cannot be helped, but atleast the AI should try to avoid such information in the status file, wherever reasonable and possible. A mitigation method could be is to user relative paths or path with-respect-to common environment variables such as userhome, and userprofile name etc. Also if the user seems to have slipped some confidential/private/user-internal data in the PRP instructions, or the PRPs don't seem fit to be pushed into any public git repository, make sure that the `prp` folder is in the .gitignore file. And, actually such a default is recommended - prefer having `prp` folder in `.gitignore`.
